Hi everyone, today I'll show you some basic violin tips to get you started.
Let's go! First, place the violin on your left shoulder.
Rest your chin on the chin rest.
Your left hand should gently hold the neck.
Your right hand will hold the bow.
Make sure the thumb is bent and your fingers are curved.
Relax your grip so you can play smoothly.
Tuning is important! The strings are G, D, A, E.
You can use a tuner or adjust the pegs until the strings sound just right.
Let's play the open strings!
[Music]
Use smooth, even bow strokes.
Practice playing the strings slowly at first.
It helps with getting a clear sound and building confidence.
That's all for this quick tutorial!
Keep practicing and you will improve in no time!
Thanks for watching!